Looking for a professional iOS and Android developer who can convert your idea into an app? Or do you want to convert your Figma/XD designs into an app?



That's where I step in.



I'm a professional Mobile app developer with over 5+ years of experience building high-quality iOS and Android apps.



My services:

=> UI/UX Design Services

=> Fully Functional/Customized Applications for businesses

=> Admin panel development

=> Ads integration

=> App submission to Playstore/AppStore

=> Firebase or APIs integration with your existing app

=> Native app to Flutter app

=> Flutter bugs fixing

=> Flutter in-app purchase and revenue-cat integration

=> App using Firebase & REST APIs



Why me?

=> Eager, young professional, actively growing in my career, delighting clients with impactful work

=> Weekly meetings

=> Bi-weekly updates

=> Super fast delivery

=> Free 1-month support

=> Low-cost maintenance

I am an expert flutter developer, I like creating modern, reactive apps using flutter for Android and iOS. I have a strong knowledge of design patterns (BLoC, GetX, MobX, Provider,) and standard mobile frameworks (Maps, Camera, In-App Purchases, Push Notifications etc.) I also have experience in wide number of third-party SDKs: Google Maps, Stripe, Facebook, PayPal etc). My Focus is to understand the client’s requirements and comprehend their business needs into a genuine live application.



I can create following types of mobile applications for you:



Custom Mobile Application
Fitness app
E-commerce Application
Quiz app
Barcode Scanner Application
Delivery app
Travel Agency Application
Food delivery app
In-App Purchases app
Expense tracker app
Food App
Grocery, Mart and store app


My Services include:



UI/UX Design
API Integration
Firebase Integration
Google Map integrations 
Payment gateway integration
Push Notifications
SMS Alerts


What you can expect

Top Quality of Deliverables
Very Fast Response Time


NOTE: If you want to order please contact me first so we can discuss your idea first and get a good understanding of your project!
an Expert mobile app developer with 3+ years of experience working with US, UK & German startups and businesses.



Check my reviews in my profile and work with me with confidence!



Why me?

Ranked as Top Rated Seller by Fiverr due to the quality work I deliver and my customer satisfaction.
Full-time freelancer, dedicated to exceptional service.
Unlimited revisions in work until your satisfaction without additional price.
Free 2 months post-order maintenance & support, in order to verify your app stability.
Free Zoom Meetings to guide non-technical clients from the app concept to its release for end users.


My Practical Process:

Collect & analyze client's requirements
Wireframing App Flow
Design
Development
QA & Testing
Maintenance & Support


Services include but are not limited to:

Mobile App Design
iOS App Development
Android App Development
App Release on Google Playstore & Apple App Store
Web Admin Dashboard
Flutter App Development using Figma & XD
Flutter App Development using Firebase & REST APIs


Contact now to discuss more, it's free!
I am expert flutter app Developer (Hybrid Apps) for your flutter app development requirements. I can develop android and ios app with high standards with great quality.



I can be your flutter app developer I can build the mobile app in hybrid technology with admin panel.



My Services:



Android App Development
ios app Development
I will provide you complete source code of the project
Upload the app on app stores for approval
Complete testing of the app
2 Months free maintenance after making the app Live




Developed flutter applications for various industries:



- Food Ordering App

- On-Demand app

- Taxi Booking App

- Social Iphone App

- Dating Application

- Finance Iphone App

- Health and Fitness app.



Why Me



Developed 700+ apps so far.
Strong technical skills, Have 10+ years of experience
99% Satisfaction to Clients.
High Quality Delivery.
Expertise in UI/ UX mobile designs
Effective Communication through out the mobile app development.


Note: Kindly message me before ordering to avoid cancellation.

Hello! 

Firstly, congratulations on your great app idea. We are WECS LABS, and we are experts in Flutter App Development. Located in Boston, we are among the top app development companies in the United States.



If you need a professional service to develop an Android or iOS app for your brand, business, or client, we are at your service. We are a team of flutter developers with more than 3 years of experience in flutter app development. We developed the first-ever social media platform in Flutter. Our app KlasterMe is still in the top 10 apps built with Flutter.



What we need:

Your app/business idea

Brand theme (Colors and Fonts)

Any similar app for reference.



What we provide:

Top class UI/UX

Database integration (Sqlite, Firestore)

Authentication (Email/Social logins)

API integrations

Google Maps integration

Push notifications/ Local notifications

Ad mob integration

Media(Photo/Video) storage 

App Localization (For foreign language markets)

NodeJS Backend services

Ad mob integration

In-app purchases

Other payment integrations

App icon, App preview assets

and much more ...



If you have any questions you can contact us. Let us make your idea into

Hello Everyone,

Welcome to our Flutter app development for ios app and android app gig!



Are you looking for a mobile app developer who can create a stunning and user-friendly ios app, Android apps for your business?



Then you have come to the right gig.



We are a team of skilled and talented Flutter app developers with years of experience in developing mobile applications (android development, ios development) for various industries.

With our services, you can get a customized, fully-functional, and responsive Mobile applications that meets all your business requirements. We will work with you closely to understand your vision, design, develop, test, and launch your app with precision and professionalism.



Our Services:

Flutter app development for iOS and Android platforms
Customization of existing apps
Integration of third-party APIs
App testing and bug fixing
App publishing on Google Play Store and Apple App Store


Why choose us?

Expertise in Flutter app development
High-quality work and on-time delivery
Competitive pricing
Excellent communication and customer support


| Order Now | and get a fully functional app.
a professional app developer. I have over 3 years of experience in this field and I specialize majorly in dating chat apps for android IOS.



Developing a Dating/Chat app can be a complex project, as it involves creating a user-friendly interface, implementing various features, and ensuring the app is secure. but don't you worry, I got you covered!



I've created a variety of dating apps for different racial groups, age ranges, and demographics, ranging from straightforward matchmaking apps to sophisticated applications with AI and other matching algorithms. I have first-hand knowledge of all widely used web and mobile technologies, which enables me to provide solutions that are user-friendly, secure, scalable, and reasonably priced.

My Services

Strict user monitoring and Verification
User profile creation including age, location, group
Desired Match Preferences
Text chat
Push Notification
Admin Panel and Settings
Additional plugins and features
Mandatory Geolocation


Why Choose Us

High quality delivery
100% Customer Satisfaction
Friendly while working with as well


Kindly contact me to get an high quality Dating app designed.
LOOKING FOR BUILDING MOBILE APP or MOBILE APP DEVELOPMENT ?



NEED ANDROID APP DEVELOPER OR FLUTTER DEVELOPER FOR ANDROID & iOS APP DEVELOPMENT ?



Bingo! I am a Mobile App Developer with 10+ Years Expertise in designing & development of mobile apps for different companies with different visions.



Types of Mobile apps I have already Developed-



 Informational Mobile App development Like blogging App, News app etc.

 Fitness App for health & fitness tracking

 Food delivery App similar to Uber eats

 Social Networking App similar to facebook or Linkedin

 Learning Mobile App to connect tutors with students or exam preparations

 Service provider Mobile App for Local service providers like plumbers

 Dating Mobile App for finding the right match

 Ecommerce Mobile App for Selling products online

 Cleaning , Laundry Mobile App

 Taxi app, Car Rental , Car booking or taxi booking Mobile App similar to Uber



My coded mobile applications are hard to compare and hard to ignore. Even harder to resist.



Note: This gig price includes informative apps only and if you need any other app listed above or you have any unique concept then please message before purchasing a gig to avoid cancellation.
Greetings!! Welcome to Alestra Solutions.



"Your one-stop-shop for all your Digital Needs"

 

We are an agency of 50+ expert developers and designers. This gig will provide you with a cross-platform, top-notch application with an attractive design (UI/UX) for your business.



We stand out from our competition due to our experience in both Application Development and Graphic Designing which results in a highly functional modern app with an attractive interface for both Android and IOS platforms. 



Note: Kindly message us before ordering for App Consultation and Cost Estimation.

 

You can get the following FEATURES for your application,



User Profile Creation
Social Media Account Integration
Application Security
Push Notifications
Offline Functionality
Chat & Messaging Software
In-App Search
Advanced Analytics
Payment Functionality
Location-Based Service
Map Integration
User Authentication
QR & Barcode Scanner
Review or Feedback Collection


We look forward to working with you. Please don't hesitate to reach out at any time with any questions.



Please review the FAQ section for further clarification.
I am a mobile developer with over 4 years of experience. Currently, I'm specializing in mobile development (both native and cross-platform), but I was working as a frontend and backend developer as well, so I know the development process from each side.



I'm working as a Head of Mobile Development, so creating the architecture, code reviewing, mentoring, and integrating best practices is a part of my everyday job.



Currently, I'm mainly interested in Flutter. I have experience developing and maintaining an app in Flutter that is running in production for more than 3 years.



If you need help with defining the right architecture for your mobile app (both from the back-end and front-end sides) or looking for a mentor/code reviewer, I can help you with that.



My areas of expertise include:

- Flutter / Dart

- Firebase / MySql / SQLite

- React Native/ Kotlin/ Java

- MobX / BLOC state management

- Google maps

- Google, Facebook, Email, Twitter, Github, Phone, Apple authentications

- Crashlytics, Google Analytics, Admob, Push notifications

- Custom widgets and complex animations

- In-App purchase, Stripe

- Figma, Sketch, Adobe XD resource extraction

- BDD, TDD



Welcome! Let's have a chat.

Looking to get your flutter mobile app created by professional developers at your preferred rate??? Well, you have surely come to the right place.



VictoriousStudio is a software company having more than 10+ years of industry experience building top-notch mobile applications along with providing other tech services.



Flutter is the future of mobile development as you will have your app available for both Android and IOS at the development cost of one, so it's a perfect solution for people looking for top-quality apps at reasonable prices. We also provide a full refund if unsatisfied with services.



App Development Includes :

Free consultation about new/existing flutter apps.
App Designing in Adobe or Figma,
Firebase Backend Integration,
Server Backend Integration,
In-App Subscriptions/Payments,
Geo-Location Services,
Push Notifications,
Real-Time Chats,
Payment Solutions,
Free App Submission on Apple and Android Stores,
Local Storage Option,


So what's holding you back? Share with us your app idea and let us convert it into reality.



"PLEASE MESSAGE US BEFORE ORDERING"

I WOULD REQUEST YOU DON'T ORDER BEFORE DISCUSSING WITH US TO AVOID ANY CANCELLATIONS LATER ON.

Looking for a Flutter Developer to build your IOS and Android App? Your hunt is over.

I have mastered the skill of Flutter Development and ensure your App is up and running in no time!

 

What I Offer:

 

✔️ Submission of your iOS and Android apps to the Apple Store and Play Store, respectively.

✔️ A responsive UI and UX

✔️ My code is clean

✔️ Firestore and Realtime Database

✔️ Admin Backend

✔️ Deep Links

✔️ Third Party API Integration

✔️ PUSH Notifications

✔️ Firebase/ JWT Authentication

✔️ Cloud Function s

✔️ Crash Analytics

✔️ Firestore Rules

✔️ Google Firebase App Analytics

✔️ Google Admob Ads Integration



Our Flutter App Development SOP

I will develop mobile application using Flutter with Great UI/UX for Both Android and IOS.

Basic Things an App Includes are

Splash Screen

Push Notification

Signup for Newsletter 

Ads Integration (Google Admob)

App Analytics (Google Firebase)

Chatting Functionality (Google Firebase)

and much more.

Please contact me if you are interested in my services of flutter app development

Looking for a professional Flutter App Development team for your Mobile or Web Application? You are in the right place.



I am Muhammad Haseeb, Working with Tech Startups and Companies from the US, Canada, UK, Europe, Australia, Africa & South Africa for a long time.



Offered Services: Mockup/UI Design to the mobile app. mobile app development, Flutter Widgets, Flutter Bug Fix, Android APP, IOS APP, WEB APP, and Mobile App.



Why us?

Flutter Developer with 4+ years experience.
Planned and ordered Mobile App Development Approach
Working with the google software development standards.


Services include:

flutter reskin
Flutter Firebase
Figma to flutter
Figma to Flutter complete functional app
xd to flutter complete functional app
Flutter App Development with Firebase
Flutter App Development with Rest APIs
Flutter UI
Flutter UI Fixing
Android and iOS App Development with 3rd party SDK integration


What you can expect:

Professional and passionate about Mobile App Development
Fast Communication
Free Flutter App Development Support 
Flutter App Source Code
unlimited revisions until you are 100% Satisfied.

With the help of our diligent team, my Professional Flutter Firebase Developers can give your app exactly what it deserves - top-notch performance. Our specialized services include 


integration with Google Maps
Firebase and Cloud DBs
Animations and Custom Admin Panels
responsive UI design tailored to meet specific requirements
custom admin panels for a complete user experience
social media integration/web views implementation for seamless access online and offline 
localization capabilities so that all users around the world have equal access to your application's features! 


We will not only develop but also debug apps before launching them on App Store or Play store in order to ensure optimized operation from day one.



Our team of experienced app developers is here to help bring your vision for a mobile application into reality. All we need from you is your business idea ideas and any decided color themes or design samples so that together we can make it happen - quickly transitioning your vision through carefully applied steps straight onto the Apple Store or Google Play.

You need a Professional Flutter Firebase Developer; trust me; your Flutter App deserves to! Look no further.



I have a diligent team of app developers who have been in the industry for long enough to know the difference between a makeshift app and a professionally designed and optimized iOS and Android App.



I mean business and will give you no fluff!

mobile app development
android app developer
website development
building mobile app
mobile app
app development
ios app development
flutterflow
react native
ui ux design