Android Verdions A to Z:

Why version?
A new change (If a previous version has bugs or you want to update some changes, that's why companies launch new versions.)

Why do versions start with C?
Because previous companies launched two versions, after Google acquired them, it started giving version names in alphabetic order.


Cupcake 1.5:
 search, main, and contact
 support widgets

Donut 1.6:
 search expanded to include bookmarks and history
 more camera integration and features

Eclair 2.0-2.1
 The search expanded to include SMS and MMS.
 More camera features include flash, zoom, and white balance.

Froyo 2.2.3
 support for Bluetooth hands-free
 push notifications
 Wi-Fi hotspot
 greater screen resolution

Gingerbread 2.3-2.3.7
 echanced copy/paste
 front-facing camera
 AAC audio 
 near-field communication

Honeycomb 3.0-3.2.6
 introduced on the Motorola Xoom
 was a tablet-only version

Ice cream sandwich 4.0-4.0.4
 combine tablet and mobile versions
 introduced NFC data transfer

Jelly Bean 4.1-4.3.1
 introduced voice search.
 swiping gesture, predictive text

Kit-kat 4.4-4.4.4
 support for older phones with less than 1 GB of RAM
 OK Google" was added to activate a voice search.

Lollipop 5.0-5.1.1
 A redesigned user interface, known as material design
 Enterprice features included separating personal and business apps.

Marshmallow 6.0-6.0.1
 Android runtime permission is included.
 standardised fingerprint support
 Automatic data backup to the Google Cloud
 The Google Now voice search could be accessed from the lock screen.

Nougat 7.0-7.1.2
 Emergency information could be displayed on the lock screen.
 The settings menu showed more information without going to the second level.

Oreo 8.0-8.1
 Improve battery life and performance by limiting what apps can do in the background.
 Users have more control over notifications.

Pie 9.0
 It improves battery life by offering adaptive features such as learning how to use and change brightness.
 Pei also predicts what you might do next. Slices display relevant parts of apps, and gestures can be used in addition to buttons.


